...and that’s the intro. Perfect. At least I hope it doesn’t sound too cheesy…
You know, I still can’t believe you’re wasting time writing. How long are you going to keep doing this?
I’m not wasting time! I’m... well, I’m...
I need to finish this first.

You’ve been saying that for hours.
Don’t you think everything is a little peaceful now?
Do you mind? I was on a winning streak!
No time for your streak. The portal’s unstable and closing soon. We need to get moving. Don’t make me drag you.

Right. Fine, I’m coming,
You’re just jealous because I was winning.
Last time I checked, you still haven’t figured out how to finish the game without a cheat code…
Cheat codes are for losers,

With this, the boss is dead!
Huh? What do you mean? There is no HP left, so isn’t it dead?
Tsk, Victor, you ruined the mood!
Theo, you should stop messing with him so much, hahaha," replied Victor.
“Well, it’s fun,

Okay, guys, let’s stop here. I have to write the assignments,” Victor said as he looked at the wall clock. It read 2:00. Leo’s anguished cry came immediately. “Well, I have time and I’ve done mine, but okay... Bye.” Theo replied and immediately exited the lobby. Victor saw Leo leaving and closed the game. He took off the VR headset and the headphones. He then searched online for the assignment questions, only to be disappointed. It seemed teachers had become creative, too. After all, it makes sense in this world where chatbots, voicebots, and household robots were becoming the new normal. Even the global market was now totally based on AI. This future was more or less expected, given the movies made since the ’90s, but what the actual future would hold, no one knew. After all, the universe is massive, though they said that there was no living discovered after decades of space exploration, it’s not guaranteed that life won’t be discovered in the near future, and robots won’t come from the future to kill people. Life is unpredictable after all. “Sigh… now I have to search the topics individually and make the assignment from scratch. Well, it’s a relief that we can submit this one by typing and printing.”
‘I feel so exhausted looking at this... I have to stay awake just to write this ... this is so unhealthy,’ Victor internally thought, “We have dark circles because of this teacher.”
It seemed these things were common, as Theo and Leo were both writing their assignments. Theo seemed to be just more relaxed. At night, around 2:45 A.M., Victor stopped typing, he stood up from his chair, went to put the paper in the printer, and then went to the balcony to get some fresh air. He saw the pitch-black night sky, which had no moon, only stars that looked eerie, but weirdly calming. There was no wind blowing, but he could feel a thin breeze brushing against his skin. Most of the neighbours' windows weren’t glowing; either they were asleep or, like him, lovers of darkness.

Everything looked frozen, like someone had stopped time, a perfect setting for some ghost stories. He took a deep breath, which somewhat reinvigorated him. He then returned to the room with a calm expression, opened his drawer, and pulled out a packet. He took the packet and cut it open. It contained a tube of cream with a roller-tip applicator. He unsealed the cap and dabbed the cream onto his clothes. This was a mosquito roll-on. What else would it be? A dark night, fresh air, and no mosquitoes? These creatures fear no ghost; darkness is their playground. These creatures cannot be eradicated at all. A few years ago, a desperate campaign launched an artificial rain that contained a chemical to eradicate these vermin. Humanity was not successful. After only a few days, they came once again with new vigor and were not only immune to the existing killing solution but also possessed an increased proliferation capacity. The society spiraled into chaos for a total of eight grueling months before this apocalypse was finally contained. He then went back to the balcony to appreciate the view again. If Victor had to choose between day and night, he would have chosen night without any hesitation. Since childhood, he felt he had some special affinity with the night. He gazed at the stars and began to contemplate his life once more for the fifteenth time that day. ‘What am I doing? Is this even life? Exams are in 2 months and now I am stargazing... It seems like I am doomed... But does it even matter? The Earth is so big, the universe is so vast. I am just a tiny speck of cosmic dust. Does life even exist? If it exists, then what is even life? Is eating, sleeping, and working life? Is immortality even possible? When will I have a girlfriend…Well, I am not the only one single. Girls are so dangerous these days, some are not even girls… sigh… everything is so messed up. Sigh…. I am depressed ...’
His inner monologue continued for more than half an hour before it ended.

“I should call Leo and share some of my melancholy in my heart, too.” Victor went inside to fetch his phone. “On a second note, let’s call Theo too and let the nerd taste some melancholy once in a while.”
He unlocked his phone and started dialing, unaware that the stars that he was gazing at became dark red. While he was browsing his phone, the stars grew more eerie and blood red with each passing second, yet weirdly, no one seemed to notice it at all, as if everything was an illusion. Victor felt something seemed to be happening and removed his eyes from the phone, but didn't even have time to think as a wave of drowsiness hit him like a flood. He fought the urge to collapse; he was bewildered. He stopped the call and somehow made it to his bedroom. But before hitting the bed, he had to close his house doors and windows. With unemployment came desperation, entrepreneurship, and scams, and some of these ‘entrepreneurs’ turned to theft as a business model. Yes, theft has become quite common these days. With sheer willpower, he closed all the doors and windows and checked them before he made his way toward his bedroom. He was not only feeling drowsy but was also panicked. He didn't even have time to contemplate as he immediately fell onto the bed and into a deep sleep. “Did a spider bite me? Will I become Spider-Man? ...” These were his last thoughts before his brain completely shut down. He was not the only one experiencing this, nor would he be the last, but he was one who managed to hold on a little longer. ***
Summer, 2:46
Location: unknown;
In another place, a three-story house, looking quite haunted, had lights peeking from one of its rooms. This was Leo's house. Leo’s parents, although not super-rich, were quite wealthy, but he lived in this house alone for the same reason as many others. Leo’s condition was not looking good, with an expression that looked like someone had swindled his money.

He was desperately trying to complete his assignments when his phone buzzed. He checked the caller ID with a bewildered face, ‘weird, it hasn't even been one hour and he is calling us again’. He was about to answer when the call was abruptly cut off. , he didn't even have to think when pain rippled through every fibre of his being. “Ah... mph, He was about to scream, but stopped himself, clamping his hand over his mouth as if trying to enforce his mantra, ‘A man feels no pain.’ He thrashed across the bed, but it was futile as his whole body was screaming. ‘Why the hell is it aching so much….’
... Ah... it burns…
And literally, his body was releasing smoke as his skin became hot and red. Everything is burning…
He was so much in pain that he did not know what to even do, as his throat was aching, and he was unable to even scream it out. All he could do was convulse in silence. Veins began to pop, making his eyes red. Red marks began to appear on his body as he continued to spasm. His hands and legs began to bend unnaturally as a cracking sound filled the room. “Why is it aching …

My balls… no... not there… not there too
dead, it seems my destiny to kill these bastards", Theo sighed, gazing up at the sky. Yes, all this charade was for a mosquito. Theo had specially come here in the middle of the night, not only to relax but also to hunt… hunt mosquitoes. From his actions, a deep grudge could be felt. At this moment, his phone rang, which again put a horrible expression on his face because the call coincided with the favourite part of his song. He struggled hard but eventually checked the screen to see who it was so that he could give him a piece of mind. Although he knew who it could be but that did not excuse his anger, but eventually he opened it, although he is petty, his anger also calms down pretty quickly too. "What the ... Why is he calling in the middle of the night again?"
He was about to receive it when the call cut off. “Grr…hmmn ... ", veins began to pop up on his forehead, but eventually he sighed and was about to call it back, when he sensed something, his instincts, which he had honed fighting mosquitoes for years, warned him of upcoming danger. He shoved the phone in his pocket and sprinted for his room. It was lucky for him as the room was just one floor down. He opened the door, entered, slammed it shut, froze as if waiting for something to happen, and he didn’t have to wait long, because immediately after closing the door, he was hit with sudden drowsiness and collapsed on the floor. As if waiting for this opportunity, two mosquitoes quickly came to bite him, but due to some odd reason was unable to. It seemed today was an eventful night ... ***
Summer, 8:00
Location: unknown;
The next day…
Victor woke up groggy; he was feeling weirdly energetic yet somehow sleepy and drained at the same time. He gave himself a once-over and then grabbed his phone to check the time. “OH NO… oh no... oh no no no no—NOT today!

45 A.M., Victor stopped typing, he stood up from his chair, went to put the paper in the printer, and then went to the balcony to get some fresh air.

Mmm… Mona, you are looking pretty today...
I didn’t know I was this stiff… I should check the clock. Wonderful… It’s good that today I don’t have any classes … so thirsty… sigh,
So, what was that… a new kind of mutant mosquito?
Sigh… I feel so exhausted…

It seems I have to start eating non-veg again. I was walking towards Buddhism unknowingly, and now my hair is losing color. After that, it may fall someday, and I might become bald, which is not good.” Theo mumbled as he touched his hair. Although his other changes excited him a lot, like the fact that his stomach problem, which he had suffered from for so long, had been cured. Although his tests are not precise, he felt that he could now eat food that was previously restricted; the fact that he might become bald someday is still slightly unnerving. What the… these news channels are getting out of hand these days, what do you mean by aliens making the night cold, don’t they have better things to do?” Theo switched it off. Theo grumbled a few more times before calling Leo and Victor, but got no response, which was a little unexpected. He dialled a few more times before he gave up. Left with nothing to do, he retreated to a quiet corner in his apartment, not that he needed it, as only 6 families were living in this apartment complex in total, so there is no chaos at all, just peace, which is why he still lives here. He then began to meditate, which pointed out the thirst again, which he was ignoring subconsciously. And it seemed that the meditation he learned from the website with a fake premium membership worked as he began to calm down, and sensed that his thirst was becoming less and less, but at the rate at which it is going, it will take a lot of time. He quietly estimated the time… eight hours. Theo thought internally, ‘Tsk, the meditation costs are getting ridiculous, too.’
In this world, where the entertainment business was more popular than ever because of unemployment and automation, most people have headaches and more mental diseases these days. With the rise of these issues, new types of gyms started, not new, but the category was just separated, meditation gyms.

Here, people go, listen to zen music which always plays, and meditate according to the postures patented by the gym. What’s more ridiculous is that some meditation postures are taken as a patent by some gyms, and there are competitions too. Left with nothing to do, he just meditated for more than 5 hours continuously; at one point in time, he was so immersed that he fell asleep. He then woke up again and decided to do something productive… so he went to play a video game,
Again, after playing for more than 5 minutes, he once again called Leo and Victor and again got no response. ‘If only I had more friends…’, he thought internally. Left with nothing to do, he made a new entry in his diary. He wrote what happened yesterday in detail, noting every detail and hypothesis, so he could be prepared for everything. [Entry 1: Date: 15.04.2377; I was doing my daily ritual of killing mosquitoes as usual…]
It can be said that it was in Theo’s nature to be prepared for everything as much as possible. After all, who in their right mind would get land in a rural area, build a house with a big bunker, and store over a year’s worth of food… just to be prepared for apocalypses that might never happen? During his recollection, he performed some more crucial tests, such as those for his senses, which he hadn’t previously considered. He tested all five senses, skin, taste, vision, ears, and smell, and the result he got was quite shocking. [Note 2: all senses have been enhanced.]
He noticed that the sense of smell seemed to be more active than all the others, and it caused him some problems when he accidentally knocked himself out by the chloroform in his laboratory. He had a laboratory in his house, and it was illegal to own one without a license at his age, too. One more reason why he stayed here alone.

“This test shows some obvious things that are not natural but also acceptable to some extent, after all, these are not too ridiculous … did I get bitten by a mosquito… I should think of it as a spider for my better mental health… but no webs and six abs… It's concerning… weak spider, I guess.”
After getting bored again, he did something pretty common nowadays… he slept once again and didn’t bother setting an alarm, as it never worked anyway. ***
Summer, 16:00
Location: Leo's house;
Somewhat around 16:00, Leo finally stirred. He was slowly blinking when last night’s event rushed back, and immediately his whole body tensed up. After a few quiet minutes when nothing seemed to happen, he slowly opened his eyes and sat up. He then checked himself thoroughly and, after confirming that nothing serious had happened to him. Aside from the obvious red marks all over his body, which seemed to be fading, ‘it seemed everything was a’right uh’. He got up from his bed feeling somewhat excited to survive such an ordeal. He suddenly tensed up as he remembered something and immediately checked his pants as if to confirm whether something precious was still there or not. Phew…
Grinning, he picked up his phone, thinking about how to brag about this to his friends when they notice his biceps this time. kekeke…, let’s see what kind of faces a human can make… 
Then he saw the time, which immediately caused his brain to stop working properly, and then his eyes went to the notification bar and saw the missed call notifications, which made him regret surviving the calamity even more. ‘2 missed calls from mom, huh… It’s still managab—,’ he muttered as he dragged his finger across the screen and got immediately scared when he saw there was a zero beside that two and the number didn't seem to end there. He removed another finger and saw the one beside zero, which immediately made his soul leave his body. What should I do now? Victor's house, Earth;

Date: 15.04.2377; I was doing my daily ritual of killing mosquitoes as usual…]
all senses have been enhanced.]
00, Leo finally stirred. He was slowly blinking when last night’s event rushed back, and immediately his whole body tensed up.
1E platform, Nil Station.

00, he made it home and had never felt so relieved. He ate, checked up on his cat, crashed into bed, and let sleep take over him. After all, the day might be over, but the night certainly isn’t.

Man, I feel like I've drunk a whole week's worth of water in one day…
…What the hell is happening?"
There were some obvious, subtle changes that were undeniable enough to prove the fact that this was not an illusion.
My college friends seem normal, too.
"Hmm, Spider? — Let’s do some hand signs to test—
And nothing seems to work…”
Well, what happened was an interesting thing—let's put that aside for now and first complete our daily online ritual.
He booted up his laptop, then headed to the fridge to refill the bottle and grab some snacks.
He shared the link in the group and got a response right away. The first person to respond was Theo, with Leo joining a few seconds later.
“Whoa… It feels like you guys were waiting for it!
Well, among us, you are the only one who is this punctual at night

So something happened to you guys, too, huh?”
Theo suddenly interjected. 
“The drone one? That thing you two made for fun?”
“Uh… Yes,” Theo awkwardly nodded.
Leo asked, quite skeptical about it.
Victor nodded to Leo, then turned toward Theo.

Victor bolted to the basement, startling his cat on the way. He retrieved a dusty drone and an old laptop, connected the drone, and then ran to the terrace. He set it flying at a safe height, high enough not to alert the authorities, and returned to connect to Theo's server after tweaking a few settings.
They again made a meeting and rejoined after a few minutes.
Victor laughed,
Same here. I even tried to confirm it discreetly with a few people on Mumpy,” Theo nodded. 
“…You have friends?
Yes. Three. And they're all girls.
Are you sure they're girls?

We are getting off-topic, our private network is not that good, and the drones are pretty old too, let's discuss what happened —”
“Hehe
Your topic-changing skills have leveled up, I guess… so who will go first, you or Leo?” Victor asked.
You guys sure about this…?
Well, where should I start… hmm… It started yesterday night, well, today would be the correct word, but let’s not think about it."
"It all started after I received a call from Victor —" Leo paused for a few seconds and took a deep breath.
"The call that you didn't even let me pick up. I went to pick up the phone, felt sleepy all of a sudden, staggered towards my bed, and then felt pain all over my body—"Leo shuddered as he recounted this part.
“This was the worst pain I’ve ever felt in my 20 years. It was so painful that I can’t even describe it. I felt like I got burned, every part of my body felt like burning, like I was being cooked alive— I can't describe the horrible feeling, it was a nightmare with agony. After that, what felt like an eternity, I lost consciousness and don't remember anything."
"And after that, adding salt to the wound, I just woke up at 16:00. I can pretty safely say my luck is pretty bad, I got 200 missed calls from my mom and 1 from dad." Leo sulked as he explained the last part.
"tssss" both Theo and Victor sucked a cold breath.
"My condolences, bro…

Will come to your funeral…" Theo nodded and closed his eyes, too. “I will make sure to delete your study materials out of our friendship — "
Leo got angry as he watched his friends preparing for his funeral. "Shut up, you bastards! I've already sorted it out with them!" 
"Tsk, what a shame, no entertainment at all." Victor shook his head in disappointment.
"Tch, no full fun at all, we were hoping for some full-blown drama." Theo clicked his tongue along with Victor.
Victor spoke successfully, changing the topic, “So tell us your improvement and changes…
Well, I can tell my weight has increased. As you guys can see, my muscles have buffed up quite a bit, and I didn't get time to check other improvements.” Leo flexed his biceps a little.
Wait. You mean… that nightmare only happened to me?!
Uh, I guess so… I mean, I was calling to disturb you guys when I suddenly felt something off, and the next second was hit with dizziness. So, I just had to fight my dizziness and check all my doors and windows, and after that I hit the bed and fell asleep.

What the hell, that easy?
Uh, mine is similar too, like I was on the terrace. When I felt that something would happen, I just ran to my room and closed the door. After that, I was hit with intense dizziness and fell on the floor and fell asleep, no pain…" Theo explained his experience.
“BLOODY HELL! Why just me?!" Leo howled.
“Tsk, stop whining like a baby… nowadays, they also don't cry and just glare at the doctor after just coming out,
What?! Really?! But still… why me?!
Okay, let's move on, and let's see what we have in common

I ran some basic tests, and from what I observed, it’s a little increase in strength, better agility, dexterity, and enhanced senses, nothing more — like there are no extra healing powers or anything… see this cut? It is still there. But yeah, my stomach problem and small illness are gone… hmm… ah… There is also a weird thirst that didn't seem to go away, and meditation helps… but it takes around eight hours to ease the thirst—maybe more. Still testing… that’s it, I guess,
Did you just cut your wrist to check it?" Victor was baffled.
Leo (in chat): "Yes, about the thirst, you are right— "
Victor unmuted him and spoke, "Well, I didn't have time to test, but yes, some increase in height, weight, enhancement in all basic attributes, that was all I can tell… and yes, I also have the same thirst which seems never to go away."
"BASTARD! Don't mute me ag—!" Leo had just started to speak, but immediately, his mic was muted.
"It wasn't me this time, bro.
Theo, you bastard, just let me catch you!!
Why would I let you catch me? If you are a real man, then come and catch me— that is, if you can.

Alright, save the duel for later. Let's compile what we've got," Victor said as he unmuted Leo.
"We all got some decent buffs… but nothing game-breaking, like summoning fire or shooting webs. And that thirst—" Victor summarized. "And the thirst… that's our common trait."
"All this shit happening to us is like some conspiracy… " Leo spoke while glaring at Theo.
“Don’t know what’s happening… or what this even is. But whatever it is… we need to take precautions", Theo spoke with a serious expression on his face.
“Hmm… what precautions?" Victor asked, looking at Theo with curiosity.
“We don't know if it only happened to us or others, too, as we don't have any way to confirm it yet.
I checked the news for the whole day but didn’t find anything special…
It’s quite an abnormal coincidence that we got some power boosts and we happen to know each other too…
Well, unless we know what happened to us, we can only presume it's a coincidence. And truth be told, the powers we got didn't even make us any type of superhuman; it's just a basic boost,” Theo said with a casual expression. “These types of things are common in professions like Boxers, F1 drivers, or Olympic runners… basically, we are above an average citizen who hasn’t taken any enhancement drugs.

Well, what you said makes sense… So why don't we meet together and discuss it more clearly and see what we can even do?
Yeah, we can do that… and what are the precautions you are talking about?
For starters, we should keep our communications secure. The local server we're using is decent for now. Also… we should avoid using our real names.
Hmm, valid reason. And aren't we already using our gaming names to communicate all this time?" Victor laughed a little.
“Yeah… hmm… Then we should complete our names. After all, Leo, Theo, and Victor can be said to be good nicknames. Well, Victor is a normal and complete name, and yeah, we should give ourselves a surname for complete identification. It could come in handy, you never know.

I will try to get some forged identification.
Good suggestion… Let’s see…, my gaming name is 'Victor' and it's complete, so I don't think it needs to be changed, so let’s just add a surname… hmm… well let’s go with ‘Walker’, Victor Walker.
Umm… Now that you mention it, ‘Leo’ does feel a bit incomplete… let’s go with ‘Leon.’
And since I love bikes and long rides… ‘Ryder’. Leon Ryder. Feels solid."
Theo was a little surprised, "Damn, you guys are good! Let’s see… hmm… as you guys know, how much I love to use a mage character, so let’s go with my favourite mage character, and change ‘Theo’ to ‘Theodore' and ‘Miller’ as a surname, so I am Theodore Miller."
"Umm, Theo, you should write our names in your diary so that we don't forget,

… Also, I gotta say… Leo, even though your naming sense is garbage, you did well this time."
"Was already on it", Theo chuckled.
“It was good that we were using some normal names for the recent games, or we would have to think about new names from scratch…
We should thank Victor for that. I still remember your old username… ‘sexyboy069’” Theo grinned.
Leo's laughter immediately stiffened. He grumbled, “Bastard… you have a good memory, huh?”
And what else… ah… I think we should improve our communication tools, too. I guess we are going to need it more often… and maybe stay safe…?"
"Well, I agree and suggest you guys meditate. I don't know what to say, but I have got a bad feeling something will happen the moment our thirst vanishes." Theo suggested one of his hypotheses.
"I also think so; this thirst is too abnormal." Victor nodded, somewhat agreeing with Theo’s hypothesis. “And yeah, let’s meet offline!
Tomorrow?” Leo asked with excitement.

Theo waved his hand lazily. 
“I envy you, bastard —
An Abnormal Coincidence
Victor’s house, Earth;
"Yes, about the thirst, you are right— "

“Theo, you bastard, just let me catch you!!”

Noir, what do you want to eat, buddy?"
"Meow...", Noir pointed towards the fridge, and then again toward the deep freezer after the fridge was opened.
“Oh, you want to eat meat? Curry?
Okay, let’s eat… no need to be so worried, I am fine.
Noir, did you sleep beside me last night, too?
You are going with me tomorrow, and no refusal,” Victor said firmly after thinking for a few minutes.
Noir wanted to protest, but after seeing Victor's stern eyes, she relented and let out an exaggerated, defeated mew.
Victor was starting to get a serious headache with how out of control everything felt. He was not even able to control it… I should be prepared for more situations like these…
***
Summer, 23:30;
Location: Theo’s Apartment;

, Theo muttered as he wandered around his terrace like a ghost. 
“There are no assignments and any work for now… the server requires help from Sa-Victor too… shit, I need more practice, almost spelled his real name”, Theo mused while rubbing his chin.
“Hmm… what can I do now… ah, right… let’s meditate and see if my guess of eight hours is true or not.” Clearing his jumbled-up thoughts, he headed back to his room and began to prepare for a long meditation session.
***
Summer, 23:35
Location: Leo’s House;
“Let’s sleep early and wake up fast… I don’t want to hear those bastards mocking me tomorrow morning for getting late...”
Leo sprang up from his desk, tidied his work as fast as he could, and began to prepare for tomorrow.
***
Summer, 9:30
Location: Victor’s House;
“It’s a little cold today, huh… yawn.” Victor yawned as he stretched a little.
“MEOW… GRrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.” Noir growled as he slapped Victor once more.
“Yes, yes, I am waking up!” Victor woke up early due to Noir’s nagging, which works as a natural alarm clock.
“So cold… huh… cold…but this is summer, what cold?” Victor was jolted awake in confusion. His whole body is unusually cold, which is concerning, considering humans are warm-blooded creatures; heck, even his walls are hotter than his body in this heat.
“Did I catch a cold or what?
Let’s first have breakfast, and I will think later, it might not be something serious…
Noir, remember? You have to go too,” Victor said as he came from the washroom.
Shit, I am going to be late again

Meh… who cares, but still… sigh.
Today might be the hottest day of this week… I am sweating buckets… sigh
Let’s get going first… 'll see what happens later.
Hmm… there is a train, but to travel with so many people in this terrible condition… let's go with a cab…

Yo! Bastard, you look different today… just looking at you is making me feel hotter in this heat. And what’s with that black scarf?” Leo mused as he looked at Victor with amusement.
“Heh, I know I am hot, no need to fall for me, dude…” Victor smirked.
“Grr… bastard…”
Clack... Clacked...
“Mah… Mah, no need to get upset,” Theo said, stepping out. “Wait… don’t tell me you’re actually… Tsk tsk—you’re red all over.” Theo wore a mask, a cyan Hawaiian shirt over a white collarless tee, gray chinos, and Crocs.
, Theo said as he went down the stairs.
Leo was confused as he looked at Theo sprinting down the stairs.
Victor said, running after Theo.

Theo said as he flashed his keys. “And since I decided it at the last moment, I didn’t bother to inform anyone... Come on.”
“Huh… you brought Noir too?” Theo asked, noticing the scarf on Victor.
Leo was startled, “Where? Ah, the Black scarf.”
“Meow,” Noir gave a small mew as she noticed everyone had already recognized her.
“Why?” Theo was confused, but he didn’t wait for the answer. “Let’s discuss that later…”
By the time the trio went down, the car was already waiting for them.
My second house ... The one in the rural area,” Theo answered as he ran some checks on the car.
Leo raised a brow, hearing about his second house.
“Dude... seriously... that thing doesn’t even have proper guns or defensive capabilities. It can’t be compared to a real thing, and isn’t even qualified,” Theo argued.
Victor and Leo were dumbfounded once again.
As they chatted, the car finished all the small checks, and it automatically started driving. 
“Wow, I didn’t know this old model had so many advanced features and… what is this… some of the features are something I haven’t heard of…” Leo said in amazement as he looked at the interior of the car, while Victor was looking at everything with a deadpan expression.

So here we are after an hour-long journey.
As expected, it has been remodeled again.
And the surroundings have become more spacious...
So spacious...huh? Where are the other houses?

There are almost none, and don’t you know about the mass immigration?
Huh, I know, but didn’t expect it to be this bad.
The last time we came, it wasn’t this empty,
Everybody… even the elderly… had moved to cities, and rural areas like these are now free. If you guys look at the east side, it’s far… but you can see a villa, he is the only neighbor left.

I think this server room is enough for us...
I also used to think that, but it's not the case.
From now on, I am going to collect all our data so that we can be prepared for anything that may come next! So this server is not enough… we need to scale it up to a big company at least…
Okay, let's go to the gym first... I like the gym at this place, although all the things are collected from the second-hand market and junkyard… but it’s almost as advanced as those 8-star gyms.

Well, it's created by Victor and me, of course, it’s superior to those gyms… and you will see why even those 10-star ones can’t come close to this one…
Let’s go! As far as health is concerned, we must go to the gym first!
Huh… you guys aren't going to retort?... that’s unexpected.
Nope, gym was our main destination from the start.... we have to check each of our stats carefully… and the body check-up can be done there only… let’s see what truly happened!" Theo smiled.
“My thoughts exactly... who knows, we may uncover something unexpected.

Victor’s House, Earth;
rice and chicken curry, which looked good and was giving off a mouthwatering aroma.

Victor, Leo... guys, come check the reports out,
Hmm! These are the stats I could only dream of…
Yeah, same here. I never expected to be this fit.
Guys, look at mine! I’m almost double your stats!

Looks like you are more compatible with the insect that bit you than we are… hahahaha…
It is possible… hahaha
OR… maybe because I used to hit the gym previously…
That’s also a possibility…” Victor agreed, and Theo nodded to indicate he also believed the same.
“So… what’s about Noir?” Victor asked with a concerned expression.
“Uh, you might not believe this, but its strength, reflexes, and somehow even the IQ got some massive increase… almost comparable to an adult cat.

So, with this result, I can pretty much almost 70% confirm that your cat is now a super cat, Victor". Theo concluded
"Why only 70%?" Leo asked curiously.
"I am not too sure about everything. Machines designed for humans cannot test animals.
Ah, that's true too. Noir was smart since she was little, although it’s still a little bit too much, but the fact that despite being a kitten, it has the physical attributes of an adult and mature cat is surprising.”, Victor said after thinking for quite a while.
“Congrats, you got a super cat… hahaha… and furball, I see that you have also stepped up your game, but I am also not the previous me, let's see… Hehe,” Leo gave an evil laugh and went towards the room where Noir was playing with a few robots.
Victor asked, ignoring Leo.
Meditation only distracts us from the thirst, nothing more and nothing less.

Yup, the thirst is still there, but I feel like I am somehow getting used to it.” Leo joined the two with scratches all over his body.
The winner was visible here. 
Other than Victor Noir doesn’t allow anyone to touch her, she tolerates Theo a little, but for some baffling reason, she absolutely hates Leo.
Wow, now she is even looking at her reports, huh…
Calm down, little lady...
She has quite a temper,

So, how did it happen?
You guys know how clingy she is, and she always sleeps beside me... I think she picked it up through proximity,” Victor said, frowning.
“Hmm, it’s possible,” Leo agreed, and Theo nodded to show his approval too.
Theo nodded. “AI-Chan, what is our radiation level?”
It's cute, and that’s only what matters.” Theo retorted.
A mechanical but somehow cute voice sounded, “Scanning... Scanning. The radiation level of three subjects: zero.”

Theo flipped his tablet around. They were astonished to see that the three of them didn't even have thermal radiation— only black humanoid shapes. Even the gym equipment registered colors, but they were just black.
Theo dashed towards the drawer and fetched some rings, three of which he tested and confirmed were not defective.
Fitness rings? You still have these?" Victor looked at the rings with a hint of nostalgia.
“All antiques have their value, and I found them last week in the Sunny Junkyard,
Pretty good place for scraps… we should go there more often,

The results now show that we are not dead,
What is the meaning of this?
Yeah, that's not normal temperature, bro! I am hotter than radioactive things!
You guys are like one dead and one more than alive, while I feel like a corpse with a living heart,

The things that are happening are taking a toll on my mind.” 
“Sigh… Leave it, let’s eat something… what is this? Why are there no food services?” Leo asked while browsing with his phone.
“Dude, why would they have a branch in this barren place?” Theo asked as if it were common sense.
Ok, but we will again do some training before going home...
How I wish we could tell a doctor about this condition… If I am not mistaken from the images, we can say our body is somehow perfectly storing energy without any leak,
If you wish to get on a dissecting table, you can do it, and yes, you are right about the second.” Victor raised a brow at Leo’s remark.
“It would be better if we did these exercises and strained ourselves daily. After all, energy is needed for everything, so we can at least try to save ourselves. Also, due to what happened, our stamina recovery is quite good, and concentrating on these matters helps us ignore the thirst we feel every moment,

You shouldn’t have said that, now I am feeling thirsty again…
Now that I think about it, when are the summer vacations starting for you guys?
Coming week, Thursday will be the start of our summer vacation,
Hmm, mine will be coming next week, Friday...

Mine is also next week, good thing all the nations united, so these types of holidays became almost Universal
But who is gonna cook?
Hah… I am feeling exhausted and refreshed at the same time. Earlier, I felt stuffed and bloated… but now, it's peace and I can feel my stamina recovering and that also at a fast speed too
Can’t believe I actually exercised today,

I usually don’t even climb out of bed. And… I kinda liked it.
Yeah, this kind of almost instant improvement is bound to be fun… haha", Theo said while rummaging through data on the tab, looking like a mad scientist.
“You seem to be excited?" Leo asked.
“Why wouldn’t I? You guys know I love this kind of stuff. Seeing the things happening to us, everything feels unreal. Everything is within our understanding, but also out of our understanding… You guys might not have realised it, but the improvement we got from this small gym session requires a normal person… umm… at least 1 month. Do you guys get it? So, 2–3 hours of working out a day will be a normal person’s month of training… ha-ha… this is fantasy…
Our fucking single day is like months to them…FUCKING MONTHS! bwahahaha
Didn’t the government have some specialised drugs which athletes take? It’s said that these things reduce the time of training… maybe our case isn’t that unique.

Maybe what happened to us increased our intelligence too…
BASTARDS… do you guys think me a retard? Remember, I used to get the highest in maths!
No…no…no, we are not talking about your intelligence, I was just thinking aloud. See, even Noir got smart too…
Mew...", seemingly having noticed something, she opened her eyes to see everyone looking at her, but after checking everything, she closed her eyes again like before.
“Hmm… now that I think about it, we should learn some new languages to test our enhanced intelligence

Language Learning? Don't we have translators?
So what? Learning a language can improve our mental health, increase our memory, make our decision making more efficient, also better at multitasking, and we can understand things better than those original monotonic translators?
Hmm..." Leo let out a sound while looking at the outside through the window, appearing to be thinking.
"Stay at my place tonight. We’ll come back here tomorrow— and again once summer vacation starts, for a more permanent stay. You guys should tell uncle aunty too…
Don't you guys have college tomorrow?

Tomorrow is Sunday!... It’s a holiday
So, you forgot?” Theo asked while suppressing his laughter. 
Leo hurriedly checked his phone and let out a dry chuckle.
“Now that I think about it, how come the idea of doing exercise came to you?
Hmm… It's not an idea, I just want to know your guys’ condition, if there is any similarity between us, cause and cure
Then what was the latter workout about? It’s not like I am complaining, after all, I am feeling much better now.

Like you saw from the thermal images we are somehow collecting energy and storing it, and you might remember how we are not leaking any, … my theory is that by doing something which requires energy we are expending it or assimilating it sort of, and that’s why we don’t feel bloated now and the energy is potent enough to restore out body too which can explain out fast improvements
Yup, Victor, you are correct, the first exercise was to check you guys, and after seeing the various results, I confirmed that this is the only thing we can do… the energy is kind of weird to… we now also need to eat food… it only restores things like fatigues, stamina, and aids a little bit of recovery… I think there are more effects too, but I can’t determine it for now… but what I can confirm is the energy we three have are of different types.
So… we’re digesting energy so we don’t overload? To avoid, like—exploding?
Uh…how does your idea get this wild?... I don’t think we are going to burst, right? If we burst, then it’s too sinister…

The chances are pretty low, but it’s not like it’s none…
Phew… at least we are not gonna burst
Uh… you didn’t get it, although we might not burst, but still, there are chances of it happening
Mah…Mah, don’t get so tensed up, Leo, you used to gym before, didn’t you? Any suggestions?

None, I was not even a regular, I just go in my free time, to increase my biceps and triceps to look cool…
So, what are we going to do now?" Leo again asked after a few moments of silence. 
“What can we do… we will search for some exercises online, then with our gym AI we will modify it and do it daily… so that we someday don’t burst like a balloon… and I have a hunch something will happen once the thirst fades
Bro, stop raising death flags!... but yeah, we need to be prepared too, in case. After all, maybe we are not the only ones who are mutating, as you can see from my cat…
Yeah, not only for us but for our family and friends too

‘family’ is okay, but don't we three have no friends except for the three of us?" Leo said after some thinking.
The car became abnormally quiet.
“You guys should sleep; we need to stop by some shops too. I’ll take care of that," Theo said after moments of silence.
“What do we need to buy?
Uh, some medicines, a few gadgets, etc... and transfer me 1000, those things are for you guys, too, so not free